BD-4559 Add timezone conversion SQL for Query Builder (#9490)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/analytics/query_builder.md

### Data timeframe

All queries surface data from the last 60 days.

> ### Query Builder timezone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Query Builder time zone
```

> The default timezone for querying our Snowflake database is UTC. As a result, there may be some data discrepancies between your **Email Channel Engagement** page (which follows your company timezone) and your Query Builder results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default time zone for querying our Snowflake database is UTC. As a result, there may be some data discrepancies between your **Email Channel Engagement** page (which follows your company's time zone) and your Query Builder results.
```

> To convert the timezone in your query results, add the following SQL to your query and customize it for your company timezone:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert the time zone in your query results, add the following SQL to your query and customize it for your company's time zone:
```
